README.md, before:

# e1547

A mobile app for e621+e926.

If you have questions/comments/suggestions, [pop into the discord channel!][discord]
You can also post to the [e621 forum thread][forum].

[discord]: https://discord.gg/tATpANM
[forum]: https://e621.net/forum/show/232166

![Demo gif for v1.0.0](https://github.com/perlatus/e1547/raw/master/gif/v1.0.0.gif)

## How to get it

Android? Download the latest APK here: [releases][]

iOS? If you're jailbroken, you can download the IPA from the latest release and
should be able to install it on your device with [AppSync Unified][].

[releases]: https://github.com/perlatus/e1547/releases
[AppSync Unified]: https://cydia.angelxwind.net/?page/net.angelxwind.appsyncunified

Otherwise, to get e1547, you'll have to compile from source on a mac.

## Attributions

The e1547 logo and banner image was created using the [Font Awesome paw icon
.svg][paw], which is licensed under [CC BY 4.0][cc].

[paw]: https://fontawesome.com/icons/paw?style=solid
[cc]: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

Commit message:

Forward new people to clragon's repo

README.md, after:

# e1547

A mobile app for e621+e926.

> update 200926:
> **Much improved version by clragon: https://github.com/clragon/e1547**
>
> Many thanks to clragon for carrying the torch forward!


If you have questions/comments/suggestions, [pop into the discord channel!][discord]
You can also post to the [e621 forum thread][forum].

[discord]: https://discord.gg/tATpANM
[forum]: https://e621.net/forum/show/232166

![Demo gif for v1.0.0](https://github.com/perlatus/e1547/raw/master/gif/v1.0.0.gif)

## How to get it

Android? Download the latest APK here: [releases][]

iOS? If you're jailbroken, you can download the IPA from the latest release and
should be able to install it on your device with [AppSync Unified][].

[releases]: https://github.com/perlatus/e1547/releases
[AppSync Unified]: https://cydia.angelxwind.net/?page/net.angelxwind.appsyncunified

Otherwise, to get e1547, you'll have to compile from source on a mac.

## Attributions

The e1547 logo and banner image was created using the [Font Awesome paw icon
.svg][paw], which is licensed under [CC BY 4.0][cc].

[paw]: https://fontawesome.com/icons/paw?style=solid
[cc]: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/
